Refactor comm modes (#103)
kokkos/kokkos-comm: docs/api/core.rst

Related Types
-------------

Communication Modes
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Structures to specify the mode of an operation. Buffered mode is not supported.

.. cpp:struct:: KokkosComm::StandardCommMode

  Let the MPI implementation decides whether outgoing messages will be buffered. Send operations can be started whether or not a matching receive has been started. They may complete before a matching receive is started. Standard mode is non-local: successful completion of the send operation may depend on the occurrence of a matching receive.

.. cpp:struct:: KokkosComm::SynchronousCommMode

  Send operations complete successfully only if a matching receive is started, and the receive operation has started to receive the message sent.

.. cpp:struct:: KokkosComm::ReadyCommMode

  Send operations may be started only if the matching receive is already started.

.. cpp:struct:: KokkosComm::DefaultCommMode

>   Default mode aliases ``Standard`` mode, but lets users override the behavior of operations at compile-time using the ``KOKKOSCOMM_FORCE_SYNCHRONOUS_MODE`` pre-processor definition. This forces ``Synchronous`` mode for all "default-mode" operations, which can be useful for debugging purposes, e.g., asserting that the communication scheme is correct.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The default mode is aliased as ``Standard``but lets users override the behavior of operations at compile-time using the ``KOKKOMM_FORCE_SYNCHRONOUS_MODE `` pre-processor definition. This forces ``Synchronous`` mode for all "default-mode" operations, which can be helpful for debugging purposes, e.g., asserting that the communication scheme is correct.
```

Author: > `KOKKOMM_FORCE_SYNCHRONOUS_MODE`

Voluntary abbreviation of `KOKKOSCOMM` into `KOKKOMM`?

Reviewer: Oups, do not change the define!

Author: All good! I kept it as it was and only updated your other suggestions :+1:
